Update Darc docs with new vmr commands (#15708)
dotnet/arcade: Documentation/Darc.md

>   - [set-goal](#set-goal) - Sets goal for a Definition in a Channel.

Author: I won't actually merge these changes here. I'll move the file to arcade-services and leave a link to it here.
Doing the PR like this so the diffs are easy to see, rather than having a whole new file

...
```

#### Step 2: Authentication:

> Darc uses Product Construction Service (PCS) API to complete most of it's commands, which requires authentication.
> All .NET FTEs should have access to it by default. You can test this by running `darc get-build --id 1`.
> If you`re still getting some authentication errors, you can go to https://coreidentity.microsoft.com/manage/Entitlement/entitlement/dotnetesmaes-z54r and request to join.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase it as no one knows what PCS is, that there is a website and that you can join that group when you don't have access.

```suggestion
Darc talks to the Maestro API which requires authentication.
Devs on the .NET team should have access to it through the "all FTE" security group. You can test this by running `darc get-channels` or by visiting [https://maestro.dot.net/](https://maestro.dot.net/).
If you don't have access (because you are not part of the .NET team directly), request the access to https://coreidentity.microsoft.com/manage/Entitlement/entitlement/dotnetesmaes-z54r.
```

- `--vmr` - Path to the VMR; defaults to nearest git root above the current working directory.

### **`initialize`**

Initializes new repo(s) that haven't been synchronized into the VMR yet.

**Parameters**
- `-r, --recursive` - Process also dependencies (from eng/Version.Details.xml) recursively.
- `--source-mappings` - Required. A path to the source-mappings.json file to be used for syncing.
- `--enable-build-lookup` - Look up package versions and build number from BAR when populating version files.
- `--additional-remotes` - List of additional remote URIs to add to mappings in the format [mapping name]:[remote URI]. Example:
  installer:https://github.com/myfork/installer sdk:/local/path/to/sdk
- `--tpn-template` - Path to a template for generating VMRs THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES file. Leave empty to skip generation.
- `--generate-codeowners` - Generate a common CODEOWNERS file for all repositories. Defaults to false.
- `--generate-credscansuppressions` - Generate a common .config/CredScanSuppressions.json file for all repositories. Defaults to false.
- `--discard-patches` - Delete .patch files created during the sync. Defaults to false.

> 

Reviewer: I am thinking if there is value in having the options here:
1. An always up-to-date list is in the `darc --help` so it's just better to send people there
1. It can get out of sync fast here
1. There's no additional information here, just a wall of text

Can we instead remove this and replace it with something saying "use the `--help`" and then for every command, we could have here a short paragraph explaining its function (in more detail where possible so that there is at least some added value?).
E.g. `darc vmr initialize/update/push` are only used for infra purposes now and we'd explain the forwardflow/backflow commands are to be used to move code between dev branches?
